---
version: '0.1.4'
---
* Made `assets` folder optional. Now, if the Blitz attempts to build the website and the `assets` folder does not exist, Blitz simply carries on without copying any assets.
* Made use of the `site_url` parameter in the config (it was previously unused). Now, `site_url` is placed in front of all absolute URLs generated by Blitz. To avoid this behaviour and get absolute URLs without the host specified, simply set `site_url` to an empty string or remove it completely.
* Added `menus` property to child directories. Now, if you want all pages imported from a directory to appear in a specific menu, you can do something like this:
    ```yaml
    # In the config
    pages:
      - template: 'blog.pug'
        child_directories:
          - uri: '/'
            name: 'posts'
            template: 'post.pug'
            directory: 'posts'
            # Now you can specify menus:
            menus:
              - name: 'name_of_menu_1'
              - name: 'name_of_menu_2'
                title: 'name_of_the_property_in_front_matter_to_use_as_title'
    ```
    Here's where Blitz looks for the `title` of a menu item (first property at the top, if none of the above exist the last one is used):
    1. `menu_title` property specified in content file's front matter.
    2. Checks if `title` for the menu was defined in the config. If so, uses the value of `title` as the property name to look for in the config. If property with such name was not defined in front matter, moves on to the next source.
    3. `title` property specified in content file's front matter.
    4. Finally, if none of the above exist, the file name of the content file is used.
* Refactored the `minimal` template, now it contains just the `blitz.yml` and a single Pug template.
* Added new templates called `config` and `portfolio`. Former contains just an example Blitz config and the latter is a simple portfolio website using Bootstrap.
* Added integration tests for templates.